frontend rettelser (#70)
SW705E19/report: sections/implementation/frontend-structure.tex

For many of our pages we use states to store a component's dynamic data. 
An example of this is the edit service page. 
The constructor for this page is seen on \autoref{EditService-state}.
The constructor takes a variable called props as an argument, props contains all of the arguments that the component received when it was instantiated. 
Within the constructor \texttt{super(props)} is called.
This needs to be done to be able to use \texttt{this.props} to access the props anywhere in the component.
Dynamic variables that will be used on the page are initialized in \texttt{this.state}. 
However, if another variable is needed, it can be added to the state at any time as the state is dynamic.

> Variables in the state can be changed by calling the react hook \texttt{this.setState()} and this will automatically trigger a re rendering of the component and all of it's children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables in the state can be changed by calling the react hook \texttt{this.setState()} and this will automatically trigger a new rendering of the component and all of its children.
```

For example, it is easy to validate text fields and send an error message if the text input is invalid.  
After the state declarations, we bind the functions to the component instance using the \texttt{.bind(this)} function.

> This has to be done if the function uses {this.setState} to change the state of the component.

Reviewer 2: texttt

> This has to be done if the function uses {this.setState} to change the state of the component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This has to be done if the function uses \texttt{this.setState} to change the state of the component.
```

> Generally it needs to be done for all functions that need to access react hooks through \texttt{this}.

Reviewer 2: React

> Generally it needs to be done for all functions that need to access react hooks through \texttt{this}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generally it needs to be done for all functions that need to access React hooks through \texttt{this}.
```

\subsection{Services}
Services are used to send or retrieve data from the API. 

> An example can be seen on \autoref{get-by-id}.

Reviewer: det er rettet i en anden pr det her btw  fuk

The fetch is then called with the URL link and the response is handled with the \texttt{handleResponse} function. 
This is a function that checks for errors in the response, and ensures that the user requesting the response has the proper privileges to access it.

> \begin{lstlisting}[caption={Function to get a user by ID.}, captionpos=b, label={get-by-id}]

Reviewer: og den her

\subsection{Components}
There are two types of components. 
The first one is a stateful component, also called a container.
These are typically class components and have a state.
They often contain some kind of logic and some conditional rendering dependent on the current state.
The second is a presentational component.
These are most often stateless and are called presentational since all they should do is output UI elements \cite{Vumbula-react}.
\\\\
The container for the create user page can be seen on \autoref{create-user}.
The \texttt{CreateUser} class only contains the state, some functions and a \texttt{render()}.
Within the state object of CreateUser, there is an object called firstName, which contains a firstName string and a firstNameValid boolean to indicate if firstName is valid.
It is initialized as true, so that the error messages aren't visible when entering the page.

> When they press the submit button, the handleSubmit will be called, and this functions checks if the values are valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When they press the submit button, the \texttt{handleSubmit} function will be called, which checks if the values are valid.
```

\subsection{Components}
There are two types of components. 
The first one is a stateful component, also called a container.
These are typically class components and have a state.
They often contain some kind of logic and some conditional rendering dependent on the current state.
The second is a presentational component.
These are most often stateless and are called presentational since all they should do is output UI elements \cite{Vumbula-react}.

\begin{figure}[H]
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{figures/create-user-error.png}
    \caption{The header for the application}
    \label{fig:create-user-error}
\end{figure}

The container for the create user page can be seen on \autoref{create-user}.
The \texttt{CreateUser} class only contains the state, some functions and a \texttt{render()}.

> Within the state object of CreateUser, there is an object called firstName, which contains a firstName string and a firstNameValid boolean to indicate if firstName is valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within the state object of CreateUser, there is an object called \texttt{firstName}, which contains a \texttt{firstName} string and a \texttt{firstNameValid} boolean to indicate if \texttt{firstName} is valid.
```

> Within the state object of CreateUser, there is an object called \texttt{firstName}, which contains a \texttt{firstName} string and a \texttt{firstNameValid} boolean to indicate if \texttt{firstName} is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the state object of \texttt{CreateUser}, there is an object called \texttt{firstName}, which contains a \texttt{firstName} string and a \texttt{firstNameValid} boolean to indicate if \texttt{firstName} is valid.
```

> It is initialized as true, so that the error messages aren't visible when entering the page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is initialized as true, so that the error messages are not visible when entering the page.
```

\subsection{Components}
There are two types of components. 
The first one is a stateful component, also called a container.
These are typically class components and have a state.
They often contain some kind of logic and some conditional rendering dependent on the current state.
The second is a presentational component.
These are most often stateless and are called presentational since all they should do is output UI elements \cite{Vumbula-react}.
\\\\
The container for the create user page can be seen on \autoref{create-user}.
The \texttt{CreateUser} class only contains the state, some functions and a \texttt{render()}.
Within the state object of CreateUser, there is an object called firstName, which contains a firstName string and a firstNameValid boolean to indicate if firstName is valid.
It is initialized as true, so that the error messages aren't visible when entering the page.

> When they press the submit button, the handleSubmit will be called, and this functions checks if the values are valid.

Reviewer 2: texttt handleSubmit, suggestion incoming

If the values are invalid, the booleans in the state will be updated. 

> If these are set to false, an error message will be shown.

Reviewer 2: billede af fejlbeskeden

\\\\
The container for the create user page can be seen on \autoref{create-user}.
The \texttt{CreateUser} class only contains the state, logic for the functions and a \texttt{render()}.

> Within the state of CreateUser, there is the object firstName, which contains a first name and a boolean to see if it is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the state of \texttt{CreateUser}, the object \texttt{firstName} is defined, which contains a first name and a boolean to see if it is valid.
```

> Within the state of CreateUser, there is the object firstName, which contains a first name and a boolean to see if it is valid.

Reviewer 2: why do we want to see if it is valid?

> It is instantiated as being true, so that the error messages aren't showing when entering the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is instantiated as being true, so that the error messages are not shown when entering the page.
```

> It is instantiated as being true, so that the error messages aren't showing when entering the page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is instantiated with the initial value as true, so that the error messages are not showing when entering the page.
```

måske et billede af fejlen brugeren får

> When they press the submit button, the handleSubmit will be called, and this functions checks if the values are valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When they press the submit button, the \texttt{handleSubmit} will be called, and this functions checks if the values are valid.
```

> When they press the submit button, the handleSubmit will be called, and this functions checks if the values are valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the user presses the submit button, the \texttt{handleSubmit} function will be called, and checks if the values are valid.
```

If the values are invalid, the booleans in the state will be updated. 

> If these are set to false, the error message will be shown.

Reviewer 2: men ændrer det sig kun på submit?

Author: Ja.

    }
\end{lstlisting}

The implementation of \texttt{UserForm} can be seen on \autoref{user-form}.

> This presentational component is stateless and uses the props that were passed to UserForm when it was instantiated in \autoref{create-user}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This presentational component is stateless and uses the props that were passed to the \texttt{UserForm} component when it was instantiated in the \autoref{create-user} container.
```

Within the \texttt{TextField} it checks through props if the first name is valid. 
If it is not valid an error will be shown, and the \texttt{helperText} will also be shown.

> Whenever the \texttt{TextField} is changed the \texttt{handleChange} is called, and as it changes the state of the parent component the page will be re rendered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever the \texttt{TextField} is changed the \texttt{handleChange} is called, and as it changes the state of the parent component the page will be re-rendered.
```

    }
\end{lstlisting}

The implementation of \texttt{UserForm} can be seen on \autoref{user-form}.
This presentational component is stateless and uses the props that were passed to UserForm when it was instantiated in \autoref{create-user}.
Within the \texttt{TextField} it checks through props if the first name is valid. 
If it is not valid an error will be shown, and the \texttt{helperText} will also be shown.

> Whenever the \texttt{TextField} is changed the \texttt{handleChange} is called, and as it changes the state of the parent component the page will be re rendered.

Reviewer 2: re-rendered

An example of using Material-UI in the header can be seen on \autoref{material-ui}.
As seen in the begin of the file, we import the different components that are needed.
From line 11 onwards we then use them to create the design.

> We create a list, add an item to it which is a link to the login page, and finally give it some text and an icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> The header can bee seen on \autoref{fig:header}.

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21969475/70993140-a52f1e80-20cb-11ea-9e85-842c45d82a7a.png)

In \autoref{material-ui} implement parts of the header, more specifically the log in icon in the right side.

> If the button is pressed, then it is redirected to \texttt{"/login"}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the button is pressed, the user is redirected to the login page.
```

As seen in the begin of the file, we import the different components that are needed.
From line 11 onwards we then use them to create the design.
We create a list, add an item to it which is a link to the landing page, and finally give it some text and an icon.

> The header can bee seen on \autoref{fig:header}.

Reviewer 2: skriv noget med hvordan det mapper fra kode til billede

An example of using Material-UI in the header can be seen on \autoref{material-ui}.
As seen in the begin of the file, we import the different components that are needed.
From line 11 onwards we then use them to create the design.
The header can be seen on \autoref{fig:header}.

> In \autoref{material-ui} implement parts of the header, more specifically the log in icon in the right side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In \autoref{material-ui} we implement parts of the header, more specifically the log in icon in the right side.
```
